# Date 11th June 2020

# 1 Participants:
- Italo Busi (Huawei)
- Mohamed Boucadair (Orange)
- Oscar Gonzalez de Dios (Telefonica)
- Samier Barguil (Telefonica)
- Qin Wu (Huawei)
- Sergio Belotti

# 2 Discussions


## 1 L3NM
[Github project structure revision. 
 [ITALO]: Extract the last model and draft version so it an be available and easy to find-out. 

Common service module discussions
[Samier} the proposed name was changed to ietf-vpn-common as per joe's suggestion to not use only types
 [Italo] Will do a gap analysis with the draft client signal
 [Med] In LxSM there are also some features to add (that are not there yet in current proposal) Use the ones imported from L3SM to begin with.
 [Med] Will do the check later with L2SM.
[Med] Asks about vpn type
[Samier]  Will include vpn type in next review
[Med] check if we maintain all the common items between L3SM/L3NM + double check if reused with L2xM
[Oscar] The new VPN profile for forwarding is in the pull request

## 2  Github Issues revision. 
- PULL REQUEST ACCEPTED  SHA: e333ca55e66d41b2f346e9f54a29de87751e8e18
- Issue closed. https://github.com/IETF-OPSAWG-WG/l3nm/issues/113 
- Named changed: https://github.com/IETF-OPSAWG-WG/l3nm/issues/115 just descriptions missings. 
-  [Qin]: Issue explanation https://github.com/IETF-OPSAWG-WG/l3nm/issues/119
-  VRRP relationship between Network Accesses
- [ITALO]: Group  the interfaces belonging to common access. 
-[Oscar] Related to issu #25 which was still open. The proposal is to allow the associations in the model (the network accesses can be in diferent vpn:nodes)

