
# 1 Participants:
    - Oscar Gonzalez de Dios (Telefonica)
    - Samier Barguil (Telefonica)
    - Mohamed Boucadair (Orange)
    - Erez segev(ECI - Ribbon)
    - Luis Muñoz (Vodafone)
    - Qin Wu (Huawei)

# 2 Agenda

L3NM
 1) Service types discussions refered to the pull-request: https://github.com/IETF-OPSAWG-WG/l3nm/pull/118
1.1 (Indentities & typedefs) OR (Indentities & typedefs & groupings)
1.2  Operational and Administrative Status
1.3 Encapsulation types
1.4 Service Topology
2) Following Open-points:
    1. RD Semantics https://github.com/IETF-OPSAWG-WG/l3nm/issues/114
    2. Fix issues from Tom Petch review in Opsawg mailing list https://github.com/IETF-OPSAWG-WG/l3nm/issues/112
    
# 3 L3NM discussions

1.2  Operational and Administrative Status
[Qin]: Te-Types defines two Operative and Administrative status.  So, we can differentiate both. 
[Qin]: is Timestamp requiered? Timestamp doesn't need to tie with oper-status or admin-status
[Oscar]: De we need a common status for VPN-Service, VPN-Node and VPN-Network-Acess.
[Erez:] We need service life-cycle state indication as well which reflects the network image vs. the controller image.

Proposal:
Common definition for the status.  
Overal structure will be the same.
The values can be different base on the point.  One for admin-status and one for oper-status.
Timestamp can be present for all levels, but put as optional. 

1.1 (Indentities & typedefs) OR (Indentities & typedefs & groupings)
[Med]: We need to define a common logic to move forward. 
[SB]: Groupings 

1.3 Encapsulation types
[Qin]: Defined here and reused in the both models. 

1.4 Service Topology
[Erez]: Improve the description of the custom topology. 
[Med]: Add the references to the definitions to improve the documentation. Deliver as much infomation to the reader as possible.
1.5 Underlay Transport
      [Med] Enrich description of transport identities, as they are they are difficult to understand

[Erez] asks about lyfecycle state.
[Med] Not sure if it needed at this level. 
=======================================================================
END SESSION
=======================================================================

