# Date 11th June 2020

# 1 Participants:
- Oscar Gonzalez de Dios (Telefonica) 
- Mohamed Boucadair (Orange)
- Samier Barguil (Telefonica)
- Sriram krishnamurthy (Nokia)


# 2 Discussions


- Alignment on L2NM and client signal. Italo is going to provide a first analysis. The ambiguity now seems to be around MPLS-TP. L2NM is scoped for pure IP/MPLS, while client-signal is scoped for transport. 
- Alignment on UNI topologies. 
We agree that UNI is not a TE property: TE topology is augmenting the base topology model with TE and non-TE features (like plug-id, geolocalization, ...)
Within theTE topology almost everything is optional so different "profiles" can be implemented to address specific scenarios. For UNI topology, the subset of TE topology that could be implemented has been described in:
    https://github.com/haomianzheng/IETF-ACTN-YANG-Model/issues/66
    
    I am a bit concerned with the approach to develop different models for different profiles of the te-topology
    
    Moreover, some UNI may be non-TE (e.g., Ethernet), other UNIs can be TE (e.g., OTN) while others can support both TE and non-TE configurations (e.g., being able to support both Ethernet and OTN).
    
Having a simple module that augments ietf-network with the required attributes to tag a service attachement point seems to allow for a more generic design rather than building on TE-specifics. There might be some "misunderstanding" abou TE topology (which includes non TE) but that's might be "weird". Service attachement does not to be a TE tunnel. 

Need to assess whether defining a profile based on the TE topo would meet the UNI requirements vs. define an augment based on the ietf-network. 


Specfic meeting to be scheduled before next IETF meeting. Target date: first week of july?.

Next week the proposal on commmon module will be made public for comments.


